Now we had a detailed look at how you can position the grid and the grid cells,
now sometimes you want to position one element in a certain way that differs from the other elements.
So for example here, all the elements,
so now I'm talking about the items in the grid again, all the elements are set to stretch both on the x
and the y-axis.
Now what if you actually wanted to set element two,
so the red one to be centered both horizontally and vertically in its box?
Well you can overwrite the positioning for a single element by going to that element's selector,
so I'm talking about the red one, element too,
so it's the el2 selector and there, you can set justify self. Justify self positions it on the x-axis,
so we could set this to center here and now if we go back and reload, you see now it's not stretching
on the x-axis anymore
and of course therefore we also have align self to position it on the y-axis and
we can set this to center too.
And now all the other elements still have the stretch setting, which is set by the parent, by the container
but this element two overwrites it for this element only because there, we assign justify and align self.
And this is also very useful to know and something which can be helpful with
your next project where you might not want to position all elements in the grid equally.